hi there guys Nichols this is my first
review of one of my many Monster High
collectibles this is photo cards for the
Prince 108 collection
there's 108 different cards you can
collect and you can collect them and put
them in this plastic book yeah so I'm
just going to give you a fast preview of
my collection so far um this is just so
much a different card so I got from my
dolls there are more than 180 pockets so
you can put in whatever you want um but
they're the original collection bear
Scouts
um the first thing you come through here
yes Clawdeen there's a lot of different
pictures then I should clear a teen idol
this is just to keep on track with
numbers I still need more Beauty now
then here is Trek olara and I need one
of those as well
I have to apologize about my way to
pronounce the characters I'm from
Denmark and my English accent isn't so
perfect anyway and then we have Frankie
I'm dead tired Frankie there's a lot of
different themes like oh man my personal
favorite I have all her cards that was
one of my first aims to get ghoulia I'm
deuce Marv deuce spectrum this is
supposed to be Claude I can't somehow I
can't get the car down Abbey and pull
tie and then there's a lot of mixed
pictures of different characters I don't
want to spell them out because you
probably know who they are
some different art you don't see
everywhere this one's one of my
favorites
yeah and this is my definitely one of my
really big finger it's the sketch artist
versions they are was really really
beautiful again some different
characters this is also one of my big
favorites I have a lot of her have the
same card
and again still some I missed that's a
lot of beautiful cards and they're very
very shiny and pretty and this is where
it gets funny because I have made some
custom ones this one is custom this one
is the small customers so I've printed
and laminated I made one of Venus and
operetta I just signed my own persona
and reality Parsippany sorry and
Rochelle so yeah I also have one of her
biggest steam but I somehow forgot to
print it out but yeah here's a lot of to
custom mates and I also keep my doll
Diaries in here so they're easy to get
right off it's actually a really good
idea I think but as you can see there's
a lot of spirit pumpkins so yeah this is
a small preview off the Monster High and
collectors binder for the footy cards I
don't have an unopened package but they
come in these it's small envelopes you
get six cards so not bad
so yeah that would be a bye